this video is brought to you by our
patrons on patreon if you were put in
charge of one mission to take down the
North Korean regime a mission that had
previously left world leaders beaten and
befuddled where failure could result in
changes to the political and physical
landscape for generations to come
what would he do oh and time is of the
essence here as the longer you wait the
likelier it is for Dear Leader to
complete development of nukes capable of
reaching the continental US or perhaps
anywhere else in the world actually
according to some intelligence we might
already be too late but whether North
Korea actually fires is another question
altogether if we are to rid the world of
this nefarious regime I'm talking the
regime not the people we have to
consider the options in this video I'll
go over the seven ways to take down
North Korea including the most
destructive the most convenient the most
secretive and the most unexpected we'll
start with what seems the most popular
choice that's according to the YouTube
comments section we're talking the
nuclear option those who are less
informed about the situation might think
why not just
let's indulge this currently there are
nine countries with nuclear capabilities
eight if we're considering the global
threat of North Korea as the target keep
in mind this video isn't necessarily
meant to be from the perspective of just
one country
so let's first consider which of these
countries could realistically take a
nuke shot at the DPRK now due to the
diplomatic and our economic relations
India and more so Pakistan are extremely
unlikely to attack North Korea of course
China and Russia are historic allies the
UK will likely wait for someone else to
make the first move France is all about
sanctions Israel doesn't even admit to
having nukes so this leaves us with yes
predictably the US as the only country
that would and could realistically nuke
the Hermit Kingdom or so it seems
currently the US has an estimated
arsenal of 6,800 nukes just shy of
Russia's 7,000 together these two
countries make up 92 percent of the
world's estimated 15,000 nuclear
warheads compare that with North Korea's
whopping 60 nukes and perhaps you'll
find yourself leaning towards this side
of the fence but it's not that simple
this is a nuclear bomb a detonation of
which could realistically be up to 80
times more powerful than Hiroshima
millions of innocent lives will be lost
even more would be affected by radiation
poisoning the fallout would reach
neighboring countries and that's not
even considering the case US
intelligence gets it wrong fails to
destroy the nuclear capabilities and
North Korea is able to fire one off in a
chaotic scramble now if that were to
happen it's unlikely the nuclear warhead
would ever reach US soil but it's
certainly not impossible if North Korea
were extremely lucky with their missile
successfully crossing the Pacific Ocean
bypassing u.s. missile defense systems
then yes we'd be looking at a mushroom
cloud over a US city things could get
real messy real quick so perhaps you'd
be more inclined to go with the next
method assassination certainly a cleaner
approach no collateral no mass
devastation
you'd only be targeting one man the
chairman of the Workers Party the
supreme leader of North Korea yes the
fashion icon himself kim jonghwan now to
pull this off however is no easy task in
the u.s. the killing of foreign
political officials as shall we say
frowned upon but even if you were to
legally
or illegally get past that there's still
the issue of proximity North Korea is so
close it's virtually impossible for any
outside intelligence service to isolate
the supreme leader for a clandestine hit
aside from the fact that getting into
North Korea undetected is a challenge in
itself Kim jong-un has been known to
take extreme measures in ensuring his
own safety and survival he travels at
dawn changes venues and schedules on
short notice
makes heavy use of decoy vehicles he's
so paranoid only a few family members
ever know his whereabouts at any given
moment so you'd have to rule out the
more traditional methods of
assassination that is unless you are
able to enlist the unlikely help of
someone Kimi considers a confidant who
is private access to the dictator
finding such an individual though is
more contingent on luck but let's say
you're successful and Kim jong-un meets
his demise yes it'll be a very sad day
for Karin theists around the world but
on top of that it'll provide
justification to those loyal to him to
retaliate assassinating a head of state
is the definition of an act of war and
whoever takes the reins after him
whether an elite member of the Workers
Party or yet another Kim family member
we want to demonstrate strength through
retaliation thus it may be that
assassinating just Kim jong-un isn't
enough that high-ranking officials
elites certain family members all need
to be collectively taken out and along
with any retaliatory assets and nuclear
arsenals assuming the case you'd want to
do this with minimal civilian casualties
how about then an invasion a military
invasion presumably one that's highly
strategized
extremely well coordinated hitting all
the right targets at once with help from
various nations for this you would first
need to heavily bolster the amounts of
military assets within striking distance
of North Korea you need to build a large
enough attack force that can overwhelm
the enemy there's a problem though such
a massive military mobilization can't be
hidden North Korea would instantly know
what's up Kim jong-un may be ridiculed
in many parts of the world but what he
is is a student of history he paid
attention when Saddam Hussein pretty
much allowed the us-led coalition to
build up their immense fighting force
right on Iraq's doorstep he knows that
once the US and Allied forces are in
place they will
as weapons of mass destruction move
across the 38th parallel and his
regime the only chance he would have in
this scenario is to strike first we
already know that a North Korean nuke is
unlikely to hit the continental US but
that's not the case for South Korea and
Japan before the Allies can even spring
into action perhaps millions of people
would have already perished to avoid
North Korean detection you can try
building your fighting force gradually
over a longer period of time to avoid
suspicion
it might work and if it does North Korea
will undoubtedly be reeling but even
with a massive opening attack it would
be near impossible to take out all of
North Korea's retaliatory assets you see
North Koreans are diggers they have
tunnels all over the country with their
weapons and nuclear assets stored deep
underground this is to avoid
international surveillance this means
intelligence agencies only have limited
information at best with regards to
where they should first strike say they
do and they miss their target or targets
well they would lose the element of
surprise don't get me wrong this should
still be relatively decisive in favor of
the US and her allies but this could be
the difference between a strategically
unanimous victory and one of bittersweet
because if North Korea gets a chance to
retaliate it's likely that at least the
South Korean capital Seoul would be met
with fire and fury and that's not even
considering a nuclear retaliation with
the bustling metropolitan city being
only 35 miles from the Korean
Peninsula's Demilitarized Zone
that's the DMZ border it wouldn't take
much for North Korean artillery to rain
down on the capital chemical and
biological weapons are also well within
their arsenal which makes the entire
situation even scarier now the Pentagon
estimates war with North Korea to be a
four to six month long conflict with
high intensity combat and many dead
perhaps up to half a million u.s. and
South Korean military casualties within
the first three months of fighting
that's crazy
then there's also the aftermath to deal
with Isis came about partly from a power
vacuum left behind after the toppling of
Saddam Hussein's regime and a similar
situation for Libya after Muammar
Gaddafi was killed history of the last
20 years tells us you need a very good
plan for filling that vacuum left behind
after a tyrant has been to
host North Korea is no different rising
from the ruin could be a threat far
worse than even Kim jong-un now speaking
of something far worse what if North
Korea's allies decided to step in there
may be a few countries that come to mind
but the most prominent historic ally of
North Korea is China China's
particularly adamant in maintaining
North Korean stability due to the
potential ramifications of a united
Korea under US influence this would
strengthen US presence in the East
something China does not want also
should the entire Korean Peninsula
become one under the Republic of Korea
US military would be free to move the
troops all the way up to the Chinese
borders there's also the humanitarian
crisis to deal with should the DPRK
collapse millions of poverty-stricken
North Koreans would force their way into
the country causing great social
disruption to China so you can
understand China's perspective in all of
this unfortunately it just so happens to
be North Korea's greatest defense
against any and all foreign threats what
then if you could remove this layer of
protection what have you are able to
somehow get China to completely stop its
support of North Korea well one thing's
for sure those economic sanctions that
never seem to work the likelihood just
went up they might actually start
working after all China provides North
Korea with most of its food and energy
supplies the Chinese North Korean trade
accounts for more than 90% of the Hermit
kingdoms total trade volume if China
decided to call it quits they're kind of
screwed in such a case North Korea would
either have to play ball with the
international community or become even
more self-reliant than they already are
this latter option wouldn't be
sustainable though as much of the North
Korean population are already starving
living in squalid conditions if things
get worse as you would inevitably expect
from stricter sanctions how much longer
do you think Kim jong-un would be able
to stave off rebellion from his own
people
now all this seems great and all but why
would the Chinese even help in the first
place what's in it for them well you can
try convincing them of the inevitable
truth and that is there's simply no way
North Korea in its current form would
last the regime will fall whether by
external or internal forces so when that
day finally comes guess what China is
still going to have that refugee crisis
the US will still be able to prop their
troops right up at the border and all
China's fears would pretty much happen
anyway that is unless everyone works
together now before it happens to
prepare for and shape a transition
that's realistic and indeed taking
China's interests into account as well
for the issue of refugees perhaps an
expansion into North Korea can be
granted acting as a sort of buffer zone
to more efficiently and effectively deal
with the mass influx for the separation
of China and us it can be agreed that US
troops are not to leave the southern
part of Korea point being
whatever middle ground is reached would
be better than the alternative now if
you're wondering how realistic this all
is well it might not actually be as
far-fetched there's already a mutual
distrust growing between China and North
Korea due to the regime's aggressive
pursuit of nuclear weapons they ain't
happy about it either
and China has already enforced recently
some pretty strict sanctions on North
Korea perception of Kim jong-un isn't
exactly favorable among the Chinese
public either as noted by his given
nickname Kim fancied the third or
despite all this it isn't to say that
simply aligning the Chinese would do the
trick the reason why none of the
sanctions have worked thus far is
because the matter is existential Kim
fatty the third like all totalitarian
leaders wants above all to ensure his
own survival he's convinced that having
the capability for a nuclear strike is
necessary in deterring the United States
and South Korea from threatening his
regime therefore quite possibly no
amount of economic sanctions even with
Chinese enforcement would make a
difference he feels his life depends on
the preservation of a regime of a
country and the thing is he's not
irrational to think that both Saddam
Hussein and Gaddafi gave up nuclear
programs only to find themselves
defenseless against foreign
interventions that ultimately claimed
their lives so by going the route of
extreme sanctions you may really only be
hurting the North Korean people more
than anything and this is a
heartbreaking reality we all know that
the last thing they need is for life to
get even harder okay we've already
considered methods of war and bloodshed
of sanctions and contentious alliances
perhaps what we need instead is a
slicker approach I'm talking a bit of
covert action and one that targets more
so Kim Jong Un's rule rather than Kim
jong-un himself the idea being that you
set it all up you set this
for him to be replaced by someone who'll
actually engage rationally with the
international community but whether this
new regime will lean more towards the
influence of the West or that of say the
Chinese depends on which of these
countries is the one successful in
infiltrating the North Korean government
for the u.s. you can try recruiting
North Koreans as double agents
but as previously noted that's more
contingent on luck for South Korea they
surely have sympathizes in the north but
the veil of overt South Korean
antagonism within North Korean society
and in the government puts limitations
on what they can accomplish it's perhaps
a lot more likely for China to succeed
in this endeavor due to the
long-standing
diplomatic relations between the two
countries yeah there are recent tensions
that China still has contacts within the
North Korean government many of whom
would prefer to see Kim Elstad some say
the purging and numerous executions of
pyongyang elites in recent years is in
part due to Kim jong-un's suspicions of
a Chinese espionage plot intended to
unseat him these high-profile executions
famously included his own uncle Jang
song-thaek who had strong ties were the
Chinese now for decades North Korea's
propaganda had revolved around the Kim
families a mystical claim to power they
are revered so if you were to mount a
coup it might therefore be smart to have
Kim's replacement be another Kim family
member there would be less resistance
from the masses okay but where exactly
are you gonna find a Kim family member
who's willing to overthrow his or her
own blood you run down the choices and
they're all pretty unlikely loyal to the
current regime except one enter Kim
jong-nam Kim Jong Un's half-brother who
was considered the heir apparent to his
father at one point in time before being
exiled some say Kim jong-nam was
actually being groomed by a foreign
government to replace the current Kim he
had the revered Kim family name but with
no power base inside of North Korea a
perfect combo that speculated he was in
Malaysia on February 13th 2017 to meet
with intelligence officials to discuss
details of a regime change that he would
apparently lead at least in the eyes of
the public
unfortunately phenom Geun had long been
aware of his brothers utility as a
potential porn for his
and had sought to deal with it or so the
story goes
now the legitimacy of the North Korean
government has always depended on myths
myths about the infallibility of its
leaders their victory and the Korean War
how much better it is to live in North
Korea
than in South Korea what then if the
North Korean people actually found out
the truth this is the second to last
method and it all comes down to the
people having access to external
information which they currently don't
have North Korea is arguably the most
closed and secretive nation on earth now
you may have heard though that things
are gradually changing this is true
thanks to certain groups such as those
who organize illegal border smuggling
and air-dropped information leaflets or
DVDs knowledge is spreading among the
North Korean people they're becoming
more aware of the prosperity and freedom
of their contemporaries down south and
the abnormality of their own suffering
more fuel to the fire is how the people
feel about the Supreme Leader's general
lack of accomplishments and the culture
of fear he propagates I guess it's
pretty tricky to run a reign of terror
if you don't kill enough people you may
be perceived as too weak if you kill too
many people they'll think it's only a
matter of time before you kill them too
it's a fine balance now this is all good
stuff if you want to incite instability
but you can add to it government funding
can be increased to further support
existing methods of information spread
not just border smuggling and balloons
but things like helping fund defector on
radio stations and enlisting tech
companies to find creative ways for
North Koreans to safely share
information the hope is that one day
armed with knowledge and aspiration the
North Korean people would ask the
question that East Germans asked in 1989
which was why should we stay separated
by minefields and guard towers from a
vastly wealthier and freer version of
ourselves once again this is something
Kim jong-un and the regime are aware of
and are ardently fighting this battle
but it's only a matter of time as
history has shown repeatedly Stalin's
Russia Mao's China Pol Pot's Cambodia
trying to isolate people from knowledge
of the world is a feat that cannot be
sustained just like the Arab Spring it's
likely that one day one day North Korea
will see a revolution
now the last option isn't one that many
people have heard of there's no death or
destruction there's no deception or
convoluted plots and it might just be
the most reliable yet creative method
yet you decide it's the money bomb
no this isn't a metaphor or a codename
it is really a money bomb what this is
is the extensive bombing of North Korea
with counterfeit versions of its own
currency which would be the North Korean
Won what do I mean by this
well planes drones balloons would all
rain down phony North Korean Won like
confetti over every city and commune the
events that follow would eventually lead
to North Korea's demise okay you're
probably confused let me explain what's
gonna happen is that with a sudden
excessive growth of money everyone would
be able to afford things as such price
levels for goods and services would
increase in fact this would be a rapid
and continuous process as time goes on
the North Korean Won would lose more and
more of its value its purchasing power
this would cause panic people would
start ridding themselves of this rapidly
devaluing local currency you know before
it becomes even more worthless they
would quickly spend any money they
received which in turn causes a further
acceleration in prices this creates an
imbalance between the supply and demand
of the money I hope you're following me
at some point the North Korean Won would
essentially become worthless and the
entire population would be forced to use
more stable currencies like the US
dollar the Chinese yuan and the euro you
see the value of economic items remains
relatively stable for these foreign
currencies the country will have no
choice now but to accept its widespread
use whether legally or otherwise as a
result of this North Korea would become
dependent on foreign banks and foreign
trade more than ever before and this is
leverage that the outside world can use
against them because well what's the
most important thing to Kim jong-un his
weapons his weapons of mass destruction
because it ensures his survival now he's
not going to be able to pay for the
missile parts and bomb-making technology
with his own currency it now has to be
with foreign currency so he's gonna have
to earn foreign currency to pay for all
of it and not to mention the dollars in
Iran he would need to pay his own people
to stave off rebellion and
worker strikes currently North Korea
generates these hard currencies from a
few sources around the world the idea is
that these can be targeted and
potentially eliminated so North Korea's
international business model includes
slave labor trafficking of drugs
trafficking of counterfeit goods the
sale of coal and timber the sale of
weapons interest payments from Chinese
banks and get this cyberattacks where
they siphon funds from foreign banks so
sneaky most of these can be heavily
restricted if not eliminated through
sanctions and other such methods now
once their funds dry out it's pretty
much game over Kim jong-un would not be
able to sustain his reign of terror he
would lose control over the country and
even over the party elites the wealthy
and powerful would be frantically
shifting their money their savings into
foreign currencies and into overseas
accounts these funds would then be
susceptible to sanctions support among
the elites would fade he would have less
and less to offer them he would lose
that leverage he so desperately needs to
stay in power the ensuing financial
panic would paralyze political
decision-making the development of nukes
and other weapons of mass destruction
would be put on ice Kim jong-un would
likely be dethroned and all this all of
this would be thanks to a wonderfully
executed plan a plan that started with
the money bomb oh and if that doesn't
work heck if none of these seven methods
work there's still one thing that might
take out Kim jong-un you can say it's
the same thing that took out both his
father and grandfather before him their
lavish lifestyles I hope you enjoyed
this topic you know I took so long with
this video I was actually worried that
by the time I had published it North
Korea would have been liberated and this
video would have been redundant anyway I
have to give a huge shout out to gold
Barre Bombadil Bruce from Melbourne and
all the patrons who have supported us on
patreon if you want to support us too
the links in the description below we
really appreciate it all right thanks
for watching hit that like button and
for more Asian E videos don't forget to
subscribe
[Music]